Update moved URLs with their new locations (part 1) (#14738)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/contribute/github_beginners/index.md

### Want to see more?

> If you think this troubleshooting guide should contain more information, please [create an issue](https://github.com/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmdn%2Fcontent%2Fissues%2Fnew) to suggest what you think we should include.

Author: ```suggestion
If you think this troubleshooting guide should contain more information, please [create an issue](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/new) to suggest what you think we should include.
```
